Add `objectSelector` to policy generator doc (#7850)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/policy_generator.adoc

| Required for namespaced objects that do not have a namespace specified
| Determines namespaces in the managed cluster that the object is applied to. The `include` and `exclude` parameters accept file path expressions to include and exclude namespaces by name. The `matchExpressions` and `matchLabels` parameters specify namespaces to include by label. Read the _Kubernetes labels and selectors_ documentation. The resulting list is compiled by using the intersection of results from all parameters.

| `policyDefaults.objectSelector`
| Optional

> | Defines the label selector for objects defined in the `objectDefinition`. If there is an object name defined in the `objectDefinition`, the `objectSelector` is ignored.

Reviewer: Please see about this in the manual, as it comes up a lot in these PRs. I am not doing to change them this time, rather will point to the source in order to increase everyone catching them in the writing process.

Couple relative pronouns needed: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-pronouns#relative-pronouns

> | Defines the label selector for objects that get defined in the `objectDefinition`. If there is an object name that gets defined in the `objectDefinition`, the `objectSelector` gets ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Defines the label selector for objects that are defined in the `objectDefinition`. If there is an object name that is defined in the `objectDefinition`, the `objectSelector` is ignored.
```

> | Defines the label selector for objects defined in the `objectDefinition`. If there is an object name defined in the `objectDefinition`, the `objectSelector` is ignored. Read the _Kubernetes labels and selectors_ documentation. The resulting list is compiled by using the intersection of results from all parameters.

Reviewer 2: Can we remove the following lines since they're included in line 260, the previous table entry? 

Read the _Kubernetes labels and selectors_ documentation. The resulting list is compiled by using the intersection of results from all parameters.

Author: Yes, removing it works for me 🙂
